There we have it.
We're done.
We're masters of react now.
We can go off into the world and become the best of reactive Alper ever well not really.
Right.
We just spent a few hours right now just learning the basics of react.
But there is a lot more to learn.
Well we've just done is just scratched the surface.
What I want to do now is do something a little different.
You see right now there's still a few things that we can learn what we would do normally in a course
is just go one by one and keep working on this app and touch on these small projects.
However that's not how real life works.
What we want to do is actually start working on a real life project a big e-commerce project start from
scratch and implement the things that we've learned up until now which are the react fundamentals but
also learn about some of the advanced topics because instead of just going through concepts we want
to mimic real life scenarios.
That is you get thrown into a project that maybe you don't know 100 percent how to build and we're going
to learn and encounter stumbling blocks along the way.
And we're going to use react to learn new concepts but also actually build a real life enterprise project.
If you feel like you haven't mastered react good you definitely haven't because this is just the beginning.
This is when things get interesting.
We're going to start building and we're going to start filling in the gaps that you may have now but
at the same time we want to mimic this real life scenario where you are learning with a senior developer
how to build a project how to architect a project but the key in this section is that we started to
build our fundamentals when it comes to react concepts.
These four fundamentals that by now we should have an understanding of.
We learned about some of the key words so that when we mentioned it throughout the course you wouldn't
be confused.
These are things that we should be comfortable with now.
But more importantly we developed the fundamentals so that moving forward we can start thinking about
these three things.
And I want you to write this down and remember it because it's going to keep coming up throughout the
course.
This idea of deciding on components deciding about the state and where it lists what happens when state
changes because of user action these are all things that nobody is going to tell you.
These are things that is dependent on each app that you built what the senior developers have had this
ability to think for themself not just follow a tutorial but actually implement these things based on
the knowledge and experience that they've gathered.
And because we have the basics now we can gain that experience.
Good job getting through this section.
We have a lot more to cover a lot more coding to go.
I'll see in the next one by.